=head1 NAME

QuickClose - close tickets with one click

=head1 DESCRIPTION

If you have similar tickets again and again and you close them with the same text every time then
this module might be interesting to you. In these cases it is annoying to click on "close" in the
ticket zoom, wait for the "close" window, enter the text and submit it. Wouldn't it be great to
close the ticket with one click in the ticket zoom?

This module adds a new item in the admin area where you can define "QuickClose" texts and after
installation a new dropdown box is added in the ticket zoom. When you select one of the QuickClose
texts in this dropdown the ticket is closed and an article is added to the ticket.

In the admin area you can define the text for the article, the article type and the ticket state.
For the article types this module asks for the allowed article types for AgentTicketClose.

This module uses the standard OTRS mechanisms to close the ticket as an AJAX call to
AgentTicketClose is started.

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This package was written by Renee Baecker E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

The package is licensed unter AGPL. If you
did not receive this file, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt>.

=head1 CHANGES

=over 4

=item * 1.0.6

- Fix encoding of German translation file (#3, thanks to Finkregh)

=item * 1.0.5

- Fix #1: OwnerID and PendingDiff should be set to 0 if no value is passed (thanks to Torsten Thau, c.a.p.e IT)

- Do not capture ticket ID from source, but get it with param object

=item * 1.0.1

Added new option: Unlock ticket. If enabled the ticket is unlocked no matter what
state is selected. By default tickets are unlocked on closed states.

Added new option: Owner. You can set an owner for the ticket.

=item * 0.0.14

Added a new config option: DefaultID. This is used when no CloseID was passed
to frontend modules.

=item * 0.0.12

  + redirect to last screen after close

=item * 0.0.10 - 0.0.11

  + allow non-closed states for quick closes
  + enable queue moves with quick closes

=item * 0.0.8/0.0.9

  + fix bug when tickets were closed from overview

=item * 0.0.7

  + Under some circumstances the ticket id wasn't detected correctly (happened with parent-child-tickets).
    This is fixed now. Thanks to Sebastian for filing the bug.

=item * 0.0.6

  + activate QuickClose for ticket overviews (status view, queue view, ...)

=back

=cut

